#EXTM3U


#EXTINF:-1, #1 - Introduction - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWXkYBmlbB4

#EXTINF:-1, #2 - JavaScript Fat Arrow Functions Bangla Tutorial - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla - ES6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwrmEUCaAIY

#EXTINF:-1, #3 - Truthy / Falsy values - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPs3yHtN7Ss

#EXTINF:-1, #4 - Ternary Operator - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akkfVWWZEio

#EXTINF:-1, #5 - Array find() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeMhY-8k1E4

#EXTINF:-1, #6 - Array findIndex() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1xire6i9EY

#EXTINF:-1, #7 - Array filter() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLYEPdTSRDs

#EXTINF:-1, #8 - Array slice() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6rTtCydrw0

#EXTINF:-1, #9 - Array splice() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jleFHKtgllE

#EXTINF:-1, #10 - Array concat() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUqpld_h1j8

#EXTINF:-1, #11 - Array push() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DymrMEkja24

#EXTINF:-1, #12 - Array map() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfrqGZTJuVQ

#EXTINF:-1, #13 - Array reduce() method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zThtzWgMtjM

#EXTINF:-1, #14 - for loop, for in & for of - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABJ9-ldZQkM

#EXTINF:-1, #15 - Important object tricks - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eey1BnpTbKw

#EXTINF:-1, #16 - Function default parameter - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ysp6tP93zo

#EXTINF:-1, #17 - Spread Operator - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8gXwrD-Kg4

#EXTINF:-1, #18 - Rest Operator - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Owc1mLiZjDI

#EXTINF:-1, #19 - Destructuring - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXxg2ncX4gU

#EXTINF:-1, #20 - Module Imports / Exports - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcN3PFnw2Q0

#EXTINF:-1, #21 - Template Literals - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPa_P1aaho8

#EXTINF:-1, #22 - Tagged Template Literals - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws_XgqikD6o

#EXTINF:-1, #23 - Set & WeakSet - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACmxamCZrWg

#EXTINF:-1, #24 - copyWithin() Array method - Modern JavaScript Syntaxes in Bangla ( বাংলা ) - ES6 + in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIbjL50kl90

#EXTINF:-1, #25 - ES2020 / ES11 এর অসাধারণ কিছু features যেগুলো আমাদের জানা উচিৎ - JavaScript Tutorial in Bangla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBURWwIkCwU

#EXTINF:-1, ECMAScript 2023 - ES14: Discover Four Exciting New Array Features!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaQZZmBTTIw

#EXTINF:-1, JavaScript Object.groupBy() Mastery: Grouping Made Effortless!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqbDkXQJbH4

